You dare to kidnap me
Mr. Lin will not let you go hahaha
Raymond Lam has been surrounded by enemies
A trapped beast still wants to fight with me
Haha, I'm the one who won't let him go.
Yue Bing, do you think Lin Feng will come to rescue you?
I believe in Mr. Lin
He will definitely come to rescue me hahaha
Good good good
If Lin Feng dares to come and save you today
I'll make this guy kneel in front of me
Bow down and apologize to me
By the way, let him hand over Xingyue Media
If he doesn't come
Can't get Li Fei'er
It's not impossible to get you
How dare you
What am I afraid of?
Ling Feng has repeatedly provoked me
I should have lived back.
Are you ready?
Heard
Xingyue Media, you are the signboard of that
I'm going to smash your broken signboard live today
No no
Don't touch me
Stop it!
Lin Feng, you are finally here
I knew you would come to rescue me
Why did you come here alone?
Liu Tianhu, your target is me letting him go
You told me to let him go, so let him go.
What if I don't let go?